hi guys and despair you
okay I changed my cut if you
want a year early next time
I would make people shouting it's
but I do not want to interfere with any fake hair
red and would like with to put some
fake hair that even when I have my
loved ones had people people
think it's done and it's not
failed on my hair I'm in full
transition
gd was my little that i have not yet
wash my hair and I'll make myself a
little I do not know maybe a pike
a road something like this and
here I am going to show you because we
asked me so often there the length
of my natural hair and that's fine
for that frankly is frozen I dare
not to make victims
I find that this is the reason why
I do not want a job because it's not
but look at that is my reason the
ghana and girls as they had
the same length as me they have when
even dare and I say and redis
world turns out because frankly
they are they have very brave
but I would not want to cut my
hair
that's the length of my hair but
real hair and I dare not cut there
to the ankles nature and there it is
the part of the friezes and I do not think so
but here it is the part of the friezes and and
at the national level
so that's not really what kind of
loop I do not know if these four is
finally for those who are knowledgeable about
loop you tell me the number but choice
I think these four are going to be 4
something brief where a mixture
that apparently there is also one can have
different loops
I had not been told that
it's possible to have two types of
unemployment
a kind behind it can be 1 4 the
in front of putting a short cold
so that's very interesting I like
well this little transition I thought
that it will be difficult but at the end of
account I have to be that pushes
I was impatient but there so much I
do hairstyle I change takes some
poses end I find that it's
interesting
so frankly I did I
would not dare cut my hair there
it was bad you give and the stake is
still the date
I cut my hair was I
am more the video I made my routine
hair hair straightened and I
believe that I cut them down to the
pac is the shortest
I want to cut more qua non not I
would not like to copy here it is here
why I'm afraid of big shaq I do not
do not know do two goals schott who wants
say cut hair relaxed and they
try the clove I prefer
leave a good natural length kind
until then and after I cut the rest
unfortunately here is my hair for
those who wanted because I get
a lot of messages since the video that
I did
I often have questions from
messages and there I say to myself wow must
I keep the channel active I find it
have me both of these cuts
so here are the facts so here we go
tell me your experience of
transition whether it's natural or
spread or natural depression me that
I'm interested if we laugh well reviews
and also prepare myself and see the
difficulties maybe that's me too
will become the difficulties or maybe
that no and then
and then even gave advice for
those who also want to read the
comments and they want to have some
advice do not hesitate to leave them
comments and your advice
opinions so that's it I wanted the
next video